one of the pieces that is under utilized
is
not being afraid to get additional
audits from other people getting an seo
audit
from a handful of different sources can
be a great investment because different
seos come with a different perspective
they come with different backgrounds you
are getting perspective from each of
these individuals
the gig economy has created a landscape
where there's tons of
seo professionals to take a look at your
site and provide you with some
interesting
opportunities that you may have
overlooked don't be afraid to get other
people to
jump in and review your content i have
no issues outsourcing that to someone
else to get them to review my site
structure
because i don't have the ego to say i am
the best at this that's something that
all of us need to embrace
recognizing that other people have great
perspectives and you can use that to
grow